   This License Agreement is a document regulating the usage of SOFTWARE PRODUCT of "1C:Enterprise 8" system by an individual
   or legal entity (referred to hereinafter as 'the Licensee'), having lawfully manufactured and put into civil circulation a
   copy of the product.

   SOFTWARE PRODUCT – a complete delivery set of "1C:Enterprise 8", which among others includes the distribution kit of
   "1C:Enterprise 8" platform, the distribution kit of, at least, one applied solutions, or a configuration (except for
   stand-alone shipments of "1C:Enterprise 8") and the License Agreement, regulating the usage’s rules of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

   All exclusive rights on this SOFTWARE PRODUCT (software, recorded on a machine storage media, provided separately updates
   and add-ons to the software and any accompanying materials in printed or electronic form) belong to JSC "1C JOINT VENTURE"
   (referred to hereinafter as "Rightholder") registered in Moscow, Russian Federation By installing this SOFTWARE PRODUCT,
   fulfilling its record into a computer memory, the Licensee acknowledges itself bound by terms of this License Agreement.

   According to this License Agreement, the Licensee is granted certain non-exclusive rights, described below. The Licensee
   must keep the License Agreement that comes with SOFTWARE PRODUCT as a document confirming that the Licensee has rights to
   use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT provided by the Rightholder.

DESCRIPTION OF RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS

	1. The Licensee may install and use SOFTWARE PRODUCT, in accordance with accompanying documentation, on a single computer
	   at one time. The usage of SOFTWARE PRODUCT on several computers is permitted only at presence at the Licensee of the
	   "1C:Enterprise 8" Client License on a corresponding quantity of workstations and only according to rules of licensing of
	   a user’s workstation (see below). The usage of SOFTWARE PRODUCT, in a "client-server" case is permitted only at presence
	   at the Licensee of the "1C:Enterprise 8" Server License and only according to rules of licensing of the "1C:Enterprise
	   8" server (see below). The usage of the applied solutions (configurations), which are not included into the delivery set
	   of SOFTWARE PRODUCT, is permitted only at presence at the Licensee of corresponding License agreements for these
	   solutions.
	2. The usage of software products or computer equipment, allowing to reduce artificially the quantity of users which have a
	   direct access to the "1C:Enterprise 8" system or use it (that sometimes call software or hardware tools of
	   "multiplexing"), does not reduce a quantity of required "1C:Enterprise 8" licenses – the required quantity of Client
	   licenses should correspond to a number of separate inputs of multiplexing software or hardware tools with which a direct
	   interaction is carried out.
	3. The transfer of rights under the present License Agreement to third persons is possible only under the condition of
	   transfer to them a full delivery set of SOFTWARE PRODUCT (including the present License agreement), the owner of which
	   was the Licensee. On the condition that the initial Licensee must eliminate from his computer available copies of
	   SOFTWARE PRODUCT and inform the Rightholder about a rights transfer.
	4. The Licensee is obliged to not allow exclusive rights violations of the Rightholder on the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, especially
	   to not commit and to not enable a fulfillment of following operations by the third persons, without a special written
	   permission from the Rightholder:
		 a. to distribute the SOFTWARE PRODUCT or its components;
		 b. to introduce any changes to a code of SOFTWARE PRODUCT, to a content of databases and other data sets, where system
			stores information, except for those changes, which are introduced by authorized means included in the SOFTWARE
			PRODUCT and described in the accompanying documentation;
		 c. to obtain an access to information database of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and construction of systems based on the
			SOFTWARE PRODUCT with the help of means and technological solutions, not foreseen in the accompanying
			documentation;
		 d. to commit actions, the result of which is a circumvention or a decrease of an efficiency of technological measures
			used by the Rightholder for the copyrights protection including use of software and hardware tools of
			"multiplexing", tools which are changing a working algorithm of software or hardware measures of the SOFTWARE
			PRODUCT protection, and also to use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT with eliminated or changed technological measures of
			protection without an authorization from the Rightholder;
		 e. to restore a source code, to decompile and/or disassemble a software part of the system, except for those cases,
			and only in that degree, in what such activity is specially permitted the current legislation.
	5. This License Agreement is valid throughout an entire operation period of SOFTWARE PRODUCT by the Licensee and/or having
	   copies of SOFTWARE PRODUCT by the Licensee.

Workstation licensing

	1. An access to SOFTWARE PRODUCTS is carried out at one time from that quantity of workstations which is designated in the
	   Client License of "1C:Enterprise 8" and legally obtained by the Licensee. Thus it is considered that an access to
	   SOFTWARE PRODUCTS gained from the given computer and that they are used in those cases when the record of SOFTWARE
	   PRODUCTS or their parts is fulfilled in the computer memory, and also in any other cases when there is a direct or
	   indirect connection between the computer, a workstation, the pocket computer (mobile appliance) or other digital
	   electronic device and SOFTWARE PRODUCTS.
	2. The Client license of "1C:Enterprise 8" is valid on following conditions:
		 a. the Licensee has one or more legally obtained SOFTWARE PRODUCTS;
		 b. SOFTWARE PRODUCTS’ installation was made on Licensee’ computers from above-mentioned distribution kits;
		 c. all workstations, from which, in accordance with this Client license, an access is organized to SOFTWARE PRODUCTS
			and information databases of applied solutions, included into SOFTWARE PRODUCTS, are representing:
		 i. computers connected to the same local network, where hardware protection keys of "1C:Enterprise 8" are installed;
		ii. remote computers, which are not included in the local network, if information databases of applied solutions,
			included into SOFTWARE PRODUCTS, are not created on these remote computers, and it is using a remote access to
			information databases of applied solutions installed on computers within the local network.

	3. The required quantity of Client licenses for sessions with information databases of "1C:Enterprise 8" (at running
	   several multiple user sessions on a single workstation to work with information databases):
		 a. if the hardware protection key of "1C:Enterprise 8" is set up on the given workstation or the given workstation is
			connected to the local network in which hardware protection keys of "1C:Enterprise 8" were set up, on all sessions
			with information databases of "1C:Enterprise 8", were run on the given workstation – it is enough to have one
			Client license;
		 b. if the given workstation is represented as a web client of "1C:Enterprise 8" or a thin client or a thick client
			which do not have a protection key of "1C:Enterprise 8" and do not connected to local network in which hardware
			protection keys of "1C:Enterprise 8" was placed, then the separate Client license is required on each session with
			an information database of "1C:Enterprise 8".

  "1C:Enterprise 8" server licensing

	1. The "1C:Enterprise 8" Server represents the special server application through which an access is provided to
	   information database with the use of "client-server" technology. The "1C:Enterprise 8" Server forms an intermediate
	   software layer between client applications of "1C:Enterprise 8" system of programs and a server of databases.
	2. The Licensee has the right to install and use the "1C:Enterprise 8" Server on one computer-server.
	3. If it is used a cluster of servers on several computers, then the license for each computer must be obtained where the
	   "1C:Enterprise 8" Server will operate.
	4. The usage of "1C:Enterprise 8" Server will be legal when it is simultaneously complying with the following conditions:
		 a. the Licensee has one or several legally obtained SOFTWARE PRODUCTS;
		 b. "1C:Enterprise 8" Server installation is made on one computer-server;
		 c. on the corresponding quantity of workstations from which it is planned to organize an access to Server services of
			"1C:Enterprise 8" within the given local network, the Licensee has available Client Licenses of "1C:Enterprise 8"
			and they are legally used.

  Base version licensing

   The base version of "1C:Enterprise 8" (referred to hereinafter as the "BASE VERSION") - is a delivery set of "1C:Enterprise
   8", which among others includes the "1C:Enterprise 8" platform and a special delivery of applied solution (configurations).
	1. The Licensee has the right to install and use the BASE VERSION, in accordance with an accompanying documentation on a
	   single workstation. The usage of client licenses and a license of the "1C:Enterprise 8" server with the BASE VERSION is
	   not allowed. If it is required to use the BASE VERSION on several workstations, then a separate copy of the BASE VERSION
	   should be obtained for each workstation.
	2. To run and work with the BASE VERSION, the Licensee, depending on the particular product, may require an "electronic
	   license" to use the BASE VERSION, which is ensuring its binding to one Licensee’s computer. The hardware protection keys
	   are not utilized in the BASE VERSION.

  Training version licensing

   The training version of "1C:Enterprise 8" (referred to hereinafter as the "TRAINING VERSION") – is a delivery set of
   "1C:Enterprise 8", which among others includes the special (training) version of "1C:Enterprise 8" platform and one or
   several training applied solutions (configurations).
	1. The Licensee has the right to install and use the TRAINING VERSION on a single workstation. The usage of client licenses
	   and a license of the "1C:Enterprise 8" server with the TRAINING VERSION is not allowed. If it is required to use the
	   TRAINING VERSION on several workstations, then a separate copy of the TRAINING VERSION should be obtained for each
	   workstation.
	2. The hardware protection keys or "electronic licenses" are not applied in the TRAINING VERSION.
	3. The TRAINING VERSION can not be used for an automation of running businesses, organizations and institutions, as well as
	   personal tasks. The TRAINING VERSION can be used to develop feasible applied solutions in accordance with documentation
	   included within the delivery set of this software product. Nevertheless, the business usage of developed applied
	   solutions can only be carried out on commercial versions of "1C:Enterprise 8".
