Yandex Desktop Software License Agreement

We would like to draw your attention to the fact that this License Agreement shall replace the license agreements governing the use of respective computer programs listed in Section 1.1 of this License Agreement starting from the date indicated in the termination notices in the respective license agreements. Please do consider all references to those license agreements governing the use of respective computer programs as references to this License Agreement.

This document is a translation of Yandex Desktop Software License Agreement in English. In case of conflict between the Russian version of Yandex Desktop Software License Agreement and this translation - only the Russian version of Yandex Desktop Software License Agreement is legally binding. The Russian version of Yandex Desktop Software License Agreement can be found here: https://yandex.ru/legal/desktop_software_agreement/?lang=ru.

Before using any program, please read the following terms of license agreement. Any use of a program by you means full and unconditional acceptance of its terms.

If you do not accept the terms of license agreement in full, you shall not use it for any purpose.
1. General Provisions

1.1. This License Agreement (“License”) sets forth the terms and conditions for the use of the following computer programs: “Yandex.Disk”, “Yandex.Disk for Linux”, “Yandex Elements: Mail” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Weather” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Traffic” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Translate” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Notifications for VK” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Notifications for FB” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Notifications for OK” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Mail notifications” for Chromium, “Yandex Search” for Chromium, “Start Page — Yandex” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Homepage Button” for Chromium, “Power radio in Yandex.Elements” for Chromium, “Yandex.Disk for Chromium”, “Yandex Elements: Security” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Advisor” for Chromium, “Yandex.Info” for Chromium, “Visual Bookmarks” for Internet Explorer, “Visual Bookmarks” for Mozilla Firefox, “Visual Bookmarks” for Chromium, “Advisor” for Chromium, “Advisor” for Mozilla Firefox, “Punto Switcher”, “Direct Commander”, “Yandex Elements” for Internet Explorer, “Yandex Elements” for Mozilla Firefox, “Browsers manager” for Windows, “Yandex.Maps” for Opera, “Yandex.Fotki” for Opera, “Yandex.Mail” for Opera, “Yandex.Weather” for Opera, “VKontakte for express-panel” for Opera, “Advisor” for Opera, “Photoframe”, “Yandex” button for taskbar”, "Alternative search" for Chromium, "Search and Start page — Yandex" for Chromium, "Search and Start page — Yandex" for Mozilla Firefox, "Yandex Search" for Mozilla Firefox, "Start Page — Yandex" for Mozilla Firefox, "Combo" for Mozilla Firefox, "Yandex.Music" for Chromium, "Yandex.Searchline" for Windows, which are distributed separately as well as a part of a “Yandex Elements” software package, (any of the above programs will hereinafter be referred to as “Program” and all of them together as “Programs”) and is concluded between any person using the Program (“User”) and YANDEX LLC, 16 Lva Tolstogo St., Moscow 119021, Russia, which is the owner of the exclusive rights in Programs (“Rights Holder”).

1.2. By copying any Program or Programs, installing any of them on your PC or using any Program in any manner, the User expresses his/her full and unconditional agreement to all the License terms and conditions.

1.3. The use of Programs is permitted only under the terms and conditions of this License. If the User does not accept the terms and conditions of the License in full, the User shall not use any Program for any purpose. The use of Programs with violation (non-performance) of any of the terms and conditions of this License shall be prohibited.

1.4. The use of Programs under this License for personal non-commercial use is free of charge. The use of Programs on terms and in the manner not provided for by this License is only possible on the basis of a separate agreement with the Rights Holder.

1.5. This License and all relations connected with the use of a Program or all Programs are subject to applicable law of the Russian Federation and any claims or lawsuits arising out of this License or the use of a Program or all Programs shall be filed and considered by the court at the location of the Rights Holder.

1.6. The Rights Holder may provide the User with the translation of thi s License from Russian into other languages, but in case of a conflict between the terms of the License in Russian and its translation, only Russian-language version of this License is valid.

1.7. By using any Program or Programs the User accepts Customer Agreement on Yandex Services put on the Internet at https://yandex.com/legal/rules/.
2. Rights in Programs

2.1. The Rights Holder owns all exclusive rights in all Programs.
3. License

3.1. The Rights Holder provides the User with non-transferable right to use Programs free of charge, under a simple (non-exclusive) license, in countries around the world in the following manner:

3.1.1. To use Programs in accordance with their direct functional purpose, in order to which copy and to install (execute) them on the personal computer(s) of the User. The User is entitled to install Programs on an unlimited number of personal computers.

3.1.2. To copy and to distribute Programs in an unmodified form and solely for non-commercial purposes (free of charge).
4. Limitations

4.1. Except for use within the scope and by means directly stipulated for by this License or the law of the Russian Federation, the User shall not modify, decompile, disassemble, decrypt and perform other actions with the object code of any Program, aimed at obtaining source codes of any Program and/or information on the implementation of the algorithms used in the Program, to create derivative works with the use of the Program, as well as to fulfill (to allow to conduct) other use of Programs, without the written consent from the Rights Holder.

4.2. The User shall not, without the written consent from the Rights Holder, reproduce, distribute and make available to the public, any Program and/or all Programs in any form and by any means, not directly stipulated for by this License, including within the collections of software products, with the offering of other programs, settings and other products, regardless of purposes of such use.

4.3. Programs shall be used under the names given to them by the Rights Holder. The User shall not change the name of Programs, to modify and/or to remove the copyright notice or other references to the Rights Holder.
5. Terms of Use of Specific Functions of Programs

5.1. The User is hereby notified and agrees that if automatic sending of anonymous statistics of browser usage is enabled in Programs, the Rights Holder will be anonymously (without reference to the User) and automatically receiving the information, including the visited site, viewed pages and downloaded files for the purposes of improving the quality of the products and services provided to the User, until the function is switched off.

5.2. The User is hereby notified and agrees that if using the function “To the exact address” for the provision of the User with the hints of corrected input errors, the Rights Holder is anonymously (without reference to the User) reported in the automatic mode on the characters entered in the address bar of the browser, until the function is switched off.

5.3. Automatic translation of texts and web pages using the function “Translation of pages” is conducted using own technologies of the Rights Holder, and also the technologies of the partners of the Rights Holder. In case of presence of the logo of PROMT LLC on the translation result page of the Program, the translation is done using technologies developed by PROMT ® (http://www.promt.ru). The logs of translations will be anonymously (without reference to the User) sent to the Rights Holder.

5.4. The User is hereby notified and agrees that, when using the translation of words function, the translation is performed using the technologies developed by PROMT ® (http://www.promt.ru). The logs of translations will be anonymously (without reference to the User) sent to the Rights Holder.

5.5. The User is hereby notified and agrees that when using the “Location identification” function in the Program, IP address of the User’s computer and the data on available Wi-Fi networks will be anonymously (without reference to the User) sent to the automated service of location identification of the Rights Holder.

5.6. The User hereby acknowledges and agrees that if the function “Synchronization” in the “Yandex Elements” for Internet Explorer and/or “Yandex Elements” for Mozilla Firefox” Software is enabled to save and synchronize the data and settings of the User in different copies of the Program, the Rightholder automatically receives and stores, subject to the User’s option, the information of following categories: settings of the Program, the information on applications and extensions added to the Program, passwords, bookmarks, and the history of visited web-pages. The information of the categories opted for by the User is transmitted until the function is disabled and stored until deleted by the User.

5.7. The User is hereby notified and agrees that when enabling the “Smart Line” function to offer the User search tips, the Rights Holder is anonymously (without reference to the User) reported in the automatic mode on the characters entered in the address bar of the browser, text of the tip selected by the User and identifier of the system, until the function is switched off.

5.8. The User is hereby notified and agrees that if the function “Quotation Index” is enabled in the Program “Yandex Elements” for Internet Explorer and/or in the Program “Yandex Elements” for Mozilla Firefox, the Rights Holder will be anonymously (without reference to the User) and automatically receiving the information on the visited site and downloaded files for the purposes of determining the quotation index of the site that is being viewed by the User, until the function is switched off.

5.9. The User is hereby notified and agrees that if the function “Feedback” is enabled in the Program “Yandex Elements” for Internet Explorer and/or in the Program “Yandex Elements” for Mozilla Firefox, the Rights Holder will be anonymously (without reference to the User) and automatically receiving the information on the visited site and downloaded files for the purposes of determining the number of comments to the site that is being viewed by the User, until the function is switched off.

5.10. The User is hereby notified and agrees that if the User enables function “Advisor” in the Program "Alternative search" for Chromium, the Rights Holder will be anonymously (without reference to the User) and automatically receiving the following categories of information: information on the Program’s general working capacity, the settings of the web browser in which the Program is installed, information about URL-addresses of the web pages visited by the User, information on search queries made by the User in search engines, information on followed links related to advertising, information on the content of the web pages visited by the User provided that such content may be identified by the Program as an offer of goods or services, until the function is switched off.

5.11. The User is hereby notified and agrees with the transfer of User’s IP-address and available networks information (including wireless networks) to the Proprietor by means of the Programs. The User agrees that the transfer of the specified data to the Proprietor is technologically necessary to ensure the correct operation of the Programs.

5.12. The User can at any time refuse to transfer the data referred to in paragraphs 5.1. - 5.10., disabling the appropriate functions. The User can at any time refuse to transfer the data referred to in paragraph 5.11. , ceasing the use of the relevant Programs.

5.13. All data on the use of Programs transferred in accordance with this License, shall be stored and processed in accordance with the Privacy Policy (https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/?lang=en).

5.14. By using the widget of the service "Yandex.Music" the User accepts Terms of Use of Yandex.Music service (https://yandex.ru/legal/music_termsofuse/).

5.15. By using the program "Direct Commander" the User accepts Terms of Use of API Yandex.Direct service (https://yandex.ru/legal/direct_api/).

5.16. By using the programs “Advisor” for Chromium, “Yandex Elements: Advisor” for Chromium, “Advisor” for Mozilla Firefox and/or “Advisor” for Opera, as well as by enabling the function “Advisor” in the Program “Yandex Elements” for Mozilla Firefox, the User accepts the Yandex.Market Terms of Use (https://yandex.com/legal/market_termsofuse/).

5.17. The “Text Only” function is based on the “Readability” program, the exclusive right to which owned by the company “Arc90”, which distributes the “Readability” program under the Apache 2.0 (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) license.

5.18. The Program “Yandex Elements” for Internet Explorer uses the Compact Language Detection library included in Chromium source code (http://src.chromium.org/viewvc/chrome/trunk/src/third_party/cld/). The specified software can be used on the terms available at: http://src.chromium.org/viewvc/chrome/trunk/src/third_party/cld/LICENSE.

5.19. The User is hereby notified and agrees that when installing the Program “Yandex Elements” for Internet Explorer and/or the Program “Yandex Elements” for Mozilla Firefox, additional components (buttons) that are integrated with the popular social networks, e-mail services and other instruments, will be automatically selected and installed, while the selection is conducted completely automatically and no data is transferred beyond the User’s computer.

5.20. The Program “Browsers manager” uses the CTrayIconPosition library. The specified software can be used on the terms available at: http://www.codeproject.com/info/cpol10.aspx.

5.21. The Program “Yandex.Info” for Chromium uses the “jquery” program. The specified software can be used on the terms available at: https://jquery.org/license/. The Program “Yandex.Info” for Chromium uses the “Readability” program, the exclusive right to which owned by the company “Arc90 Inc”, which distributes the “Readability” program under Apache 2.0 license(http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 ).
6. Limitation of Liability under the License

6.1. Programs are provided on “as is” basis. The Rights Holder shall provide no warranties regarding error-free and uninterrupted operation of Programs, meeting the specific goals and expectations of the User, and also shall provide no other warranties not directly stated in this License.

6.2. To the maximum extent permitted by the current law, the Rights Holder shall not be responsible for any direct or indirect consequences of any use of or inability to use Programs and/or damage inflicted on the User and/or third parties as a result of any use or non-use of Programs, including possible errors or failures of Programs.

6.3. The User is hereby notified and agrees that while using Programs, the Rights Holder obtains anonymously (without reference to the User) in automatic mode the following information: the type of operating system on the User’s computer, version and identifier of the Program, usage statistics of Program’s features, as well as other technical information.

6.4. The User is able to add components (buttons) to the program “Yandex Elements” for Internet Explorer and/or the program “Yandex Elements” for Mozilla Firefox, which are developed and offered by third parties, providing access to information or services of third parties, or redirecting to the resources of third parties (“Custom Components”). The User understands and agrees that the installation of Custom Components to these programs is conducted at the user’s own risk. The Rights Holder has no control over the performance, information, services or resources accessed through such Custom Components, as well as their compliance with the law, and is not responsible for the results of installation or use of Custom Components. The Rights Holder does not cover any damage caused to the User by the use of or inability to use any Custom Components or information, services and resources accessed through Custom Components.

6.5. By using the program “Direct Commander” the User agrees that the Rights Holder shall provide no warranties regarding interaction of this program with the service “Yandex.Direct” and shall not be responsible for any direct or indirect consequences of any use of or inability to use this program and/or damage inflicted on the User and/or third parties as a result of any use or non-use of this program and/or inability to use the service “Yandex.Direct” by means of this program, including possible errors or failures of the program “Direct Commander” in the process of interaction of this program with the service “Yandex.Direct”.
7. Updates/New Versions of Programs

7.1. Programs may automatically download and install updates from time to time, which are directed to enhance Programs and which can be in the form of patches, additional modules and new versions of Programs. The User is hereby notified and agrees that Programs will update automatically, including request, download and installation of updates for Programs onto the User’s computer without further notice.

7.2. This License shall be applied to all future updates/new versions of any Program or all Programs. The installation of an update/new version of the respective Program shall be deemed as an acceptance of the terms and conditions of this License by the User for relevant updates/new versions of the Program, unless the update/installation of a new version of the Program is accompanied by any other license agreement.
8. Changes to the Terms and Conditions of this License

8.1. This license agreement may be changed unilaterally by the Rights Holder. The notification of the User on the changes in the terms and conditions of this License is published on the page: https://yandex.ru/legal/desktop_software_agreement/. These changes in the terms and conditions of the license agreement shall be effective from the date of their publication, unless otherwise is specified in the relevant publication.
